Kasumi's lunch box looks fantastic! Who made it?
This? Mom's been into character lunch boxes lately
and said she's proud of them.
Your mom has good taste.
Can I take a picture and post it on my social media?
Yup. This one's already out of copyright protection,
so that's okay.
Do you mean the copyright of the rabbit in this lunch box?
Is this character lunch box related to copyright?
Because I made my lunch box,
can't I also upload it to my social media?
But it seems to me that everyone usually does it.
That's right. I was also curious, so I asked my professor about it.
She said that even if it's a lunch box, it can be
a copyrighted work if copyright still exists.
You should be careful with famous characters etc.
What's that? Does that mean we might be doing something
that violates copyright without even realizing it? That's scary!